Update change-notifications-subscription-lifetime.md (#22121)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/v1.0/resources/subscription.md

| id | String | Optional. Unique identifier for the subscription. Read-only. |
| includeResourceData | Boolean | Optional. When set to `true`, change notifications [include resource data](/graph/webhooks-with-resource-data) (such as content of a chat message). |
| latestSupportedTlsVersion | String | Optional. Specifies the latest version of Transport Layer Security (TLS) that the notification endpoint, specified by **notificationUrl**, supports. The possible values are: `v1_0`, `v1_1`, `v1_2`, `v1_3`. </br></br>For subscribers whose notification endpoint supports a version lower than the currently recommended version (TLS 1.2), specifying this property by a set [timeline](https://developer.microsoft.com/graph/blogs/microsoft-graph-subscriptions-deprecating-tls-1-0-and-1-1/) allows them to temporarily use their deprecated version of TLS before completing their upgrade to TLS 1.2. For these subscribers, not setting this property per the timeline would result in subscription operations failing. </br></br>For subscribers whose notification endpoint already supports TLS 1.2, setting this property is optional. In such cases, Microsoft Graph defaults the property to `v1_2`. |

> | lifecycleNotificationUrl | String | Required for Teams resources if `expirationDateTime` is more than 1 hour from now; optional otherwise. The URL of the endpoint that receives lifecycle notifications, including `subscriptionRemoved`, `reauthorizationRequired`, and `missed` notifications. This URL must make use of the HTTPS protocol. |

Reviewer: It would be useful to have a link to the lifecycle notifications [documentation page](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/webhooks-lifecycle) here.

> | lifecycleNotificationUrl | String | Required for Teams resources if `expirationDateTime` is more than 1 hour from now; optional otherwise. The URL of the endpoint that receives lifecycle notifications, including `subscriptionRemoved`, `reauthorizationRequired`, and `missed` notifications. This URL must make use of the HTTPS protocol. More info at [Reduce missing subscriptions and change notifications](/graph/webhooks-lifecycle). |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| lifecycleNotificationUrl | String | Required for Teams resources if  the `expirationDateTime` value is more than 1 hour from now; optional otherwise. The URL of the endpoint that receives lifecycle notifications, including `subscriptionRemoved`, `reauthorizationRequired`, and `missed` notifications. This URL must make use of the HTTPS protocol. For more information, see [Reduce missing subscriptions and change notifications](/graph/webhooks-lifecycle). |
```
